Small product updates (#4105)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/renewing.md

Cloudflare automatically sends email notification 30 and 14 days before your custom certificate expires. Email is sent to users who have the SSL/TLS, Administrator, or Super Administrator roles.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> When renewing a custom certificate, you can re-use a [previously generated CSR](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/certificate-signing-requests/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When renewing a custom certificate, you can reuse a [previously generated CSR](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/certificate-signing-requests/).
```
```suggestion
When renewing a custom certificate, you can re-use a [previously generated CSR](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/certificate-signing-requests/).
```

> When renewing a custom certificate, you can re-use a [previously generated CSR](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/certificate-signing-requests/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When renewing a custom certificate, you can reuse a [previously generated CSR](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/certificate-signing-requests/).
```
```suggestion
When renewing a custom certificate, you can re-use a [previously generated CSR](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/certificate-signing-requests/).
```
